Enable service account authentication (#1040)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/index.html.markdown

Note that when connecting with API tokens you can't create or modify users, roles, global roles, or rights bundles.

### Connecting with a Service Account API token

> With VCD 10.4.0+, you can connect using a service account API token, as defined in the [documentation](https://blogs.vmware.com/cloudprovider/2022/07/cloud-director-service-accounts.html). Because a new API token is provided on every authentication request, the user is required to provide a file in `json` format with the current API key. e.g:

Reviewer: Should we state that the file is read+write?

Author: Changed.

```json
{"refresh_token":"xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"}
```

~> **NOTE:** The service account needs to be in `Active Stage` and it's up to the user to provide the initial API token.

```hcl
provider "vcd" {
  user                 = "none"
  password             = "none"
  auth_type            = "service_account"

>   api_token            = "token.json"

Reviewer 2: Probably it's me and Friday, but shouldn't the example include `service_account_token_file` parameter when `auth_type "service_account"`?

Reference:
https://github.com/vmware/terraform-provider-vcd/pull/1040/files#diff-e96a5cf811e4de4a40ed325399541cc28aef6972ab94e260331cb58898cd6a8bR366-R369

Author: Fixed.

  sysorg               = "System"
  org                  = var.vcd_org # Default for resources
  vdc                  = var.vcd_vdc # Default for resources
  url                  = var.vcd_url
  max_retry_timeout    = var.vcd_max_retry_timeout
  allow_unverified_ssl = var.vcd_allow_unverified_ssl
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: It seems like PR is missing docs of the new fields. I mean, we have example above, but no additions below this place:
https://registry.terraform.io/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs#auth_type

Author: Updated.

Note that when connecting with API tokens you can't create or modify users, roles, global roles, or rights bundles.

### Connecting with a Service Account API token

With VCD 10.4.0+, you can connect using a service account API token, as defined in the [documentation](https://blogs.vmware.com/cloudprovider/2022/07/cloud-director-service-accounts.html). Because a new API token is provided on every authentication request, the user is required to provide a readable+writable file in `json` format with the current API key. e.g:
```json
{"refresh_token":"xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"}
```

> 

Reviewer 3: One more thing. Sounds obvious for us, but  should we have a note, highlighting that the file must be treated as secret because it contains auth details.

Author: Added, didn't want to add the `~> **NOTE**` so just left a normal line.

~> **NOTE:** The service account needs to be in `Active Stage` and 
it's up to the user to provide the initial API token. A sample shell 
script for creating, authorizing and activating a VCD Service Account
can be found in the [repository](https://github.com/vmware/terraform-provider-vcd/blob/service_accounts/scripts/create_service_account.sh)

```hcl
provider "vcd" {
  user                       = "none"

>   password                   = "none"

Author: Updated.

   environment variable. This token requires at least VCD 10.3.1. There are restrictions to its use, as defined in
   [the documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director/10.3/VMware-Cloud-Director-Service-Provider-Admin-Portal-Guide/GUID-A1B3B2FA-7B2C-4EE1-9D1B-188BE703EEDE.html)

> * `service_account_token_file` - (Optional; *v3.9+*) This is the file that contains a Service Account API token. The

Author: Question, do we still try to pull this into v3.9.0 or just move it to v3.10.0? Will keep this unresolved until we reach a decision when it is good to get merged.

Author: Got it, introduced a changelog entry.

   path to the file could be provided as absolute or relative to the working directory. It is used instead of username
   and password (in combination with `auth_type=service_account_token_file`. The file can also be specified with the 

>    `VCD_SA_TOKEN_FILE` environment variable. This option requires at least VCD 10.4.0. 

Reviewer 2: Let's move required VCD version to the parenthesis, like here:
https://registry.terraform.io/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/resources/vapp_vm#sizing_policy_id

   environment variable. This token requires at least VCD 10.3.1. There are restrictions to its use, as defined in
   [the documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director/10.3/VMware-Cloud-Director-Service-Provider-Admin-Portal-Guide/GUID-A1B3B2FA-7B2C-4EE1-9D1B-188BE703EEDE.html)

* `service_account_token_file` - (Optional; *v3.9+, VCD 10.4+*) This is the file that contains a Service Account API token. The
   path to the file could be provided as absolute or relative to the working directory. It is used instead of username
   and password (in combination with `auth_type=service_account_token_file`. The file can also be specified with the 
   `VCD_SA_TOKEN_FILE` environment variable. There are restrictions to its use, as defined in 
   [the documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director/10.4/VMware-Cloud-Director-Service-Provider-Admin-Portal-Guide/GUID-8CD3C8BE-3187-4769-B960-3E3315492C16.html)

* `allow_service_account_token_file` - (Optional; *v3.9+, VCD 10.4+*) When using `auth_type=service_account_token_file`,

>   if set to `false`, will print a warning to the user about the service account token file containing *sensitive information*.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  if set to `true`, will suppress a warning to the user about the service account token file containing *sensitive information*.
```

Author: updated
